
iPhone 18 Pro and 18 Pro Max - Technical Specifications - Apple
Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch
Vision AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support
0 +
iPhone 18 Pro
Explore
Buy
iPhone Duo
New
iPhone 18 Pro
Currently viewing
iPhone Air
iPhone 17
iPhone 17e
iPhone 16
Compare
Accessories
Shop iPhone
iOS 27
iPhone 18 Pro
*
Buy
Overview
Tech Specs
Switch from Android
iPhone 18 Pro Technical Specifications
iPhone 18 Pro
iPhone 18 Pro Max
Finish
iPhone 18 Pro
Black, Silver, Glacier, Burgundy
Aluminum unibody design Ceramic Shield 2 front Ceramic Shield back
iPhone 18 Pro Max
Black, Silver, Glacier, Burgundy
Aluminum unibody design Ceramic Shield 2 front Ceramic Shield back
Capacity
iPhone 18 Pro
256GB
512GB
1TB
2TB
iPhone 18 Pro Max
256GB
512GB
1TB
2TB
Size and Weight
Width:
2.83 inches (71.9 mm)
Height:
5.91 inches (150.0 mm)
Depth:
0.34 inch (8.75 mm)
iPhone 18 Pro
Weight:
7.44 ounces (211 grams)
Width:
3.07 inches (78.0 mm)
Height:
6.43 inches (163.4 mm)
Depth:
0.34 inch (8.75 mm)
iPhone 18 Pro Max
Weight:
8.78 ounces (249 grams)
Display
iPhone 18 Pro
Super Retina XDR display
6.3-inch (diagonal) all-screen OLED display
2622-by-1206-pixel resolution at 460 ppi
The iPhone 18 Pro display has rounded corners that follow a beautiful curved design, and these corners are within a standard rectangle. When measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screen is 6.27 inches diagonally (actual viewable area is less).
iPhone 18 Pro Max
Super Retina XDR display
6.9-inch (diagonal) all-screen OLED display
2868-by-1320-pixel resolution at 460 ppi
The iPhone 18 Pro Max display has rounded corners that follow a beautiful curved design, and these corners are within a standard rectangle. When measured as a standard rectangular shape, the screen is 6.86 inches diagonally (actual viewable area is less).
Both models
Dynamic Island
Always-On display
ProMotion technology with adaptive refresh rates up to 120Hz
HDR display
True Tone
Wide color (P3)
Haptic Touch
2,000,000:1 contrast ratio (typical)
1000 nits max brightness (typical); 1600 nits peak brightness (HDR); 3000 nits peak brightness (outdoor); 1 nit minimum brightness
Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating
Anti-reflective coating
Support for display of multiple languages and characters simultaneously
Splash, Water, and Dust Resistant
Rated IP68 (maximum depth of 6 meters up to 30 minutes) under IEC standard 60529
Apple Intelligence and Siri AI
The next generation of Apple Intelligence is centered around you, integrated into your apps, and built with privacy. Apple Intelligence powers Siri AI — an entirely new version of Siri that’s more personal, conversational, and powerful, along with helpful features across apps.
Learn more
Chip
A20 Pro chip
6-core CPU with 2 super cores and 4 efficiency cores
7-core GPU with Neural Accelerators
Dual 16-core Neural Engine
Hardware-accelerated ray tracing
Camera
48MP Pro Fusion camera system
48MP Fusion Main with variable aperture (ƒ/1.48, ƒ/1.8, ƒ/2.8, ƒ/4.0): 24 mm, second-generation sensor-shift optical image stabilization, 100% Focus Pixels, super-high-resolution photos (24MP and 48MP)
Also enables 12MP optical-quality 2x Telephoto: 48 mm, second-generation sensor-shift optical image stabilization, 100% Focus Pixels
48MP Fusion Ultra Wide: 13 mm, ƒ/2.2 aperture and 120° field of view, Hybrid Focus Pixels, super-high-resolution photos (24MP and 48MP)
48MP Fusion Telephoto: 100 mm (4x), ƒ/2.8 aperture, Hybrid Focus Pixels, 3D sensor-shift optical image stabilization and autofocus, tetraprism design, super-high-resolution photos (24MP and 48MP)
Also enables 12MP optical-quality 8x Telephoto: 200 mm, ƒ/2.8 aperture, Hybrid Focus Pixels, 3D sensor-shift optical image stabilization and autofocus, tetraprism design
8x optical-quality zoom in, 2x optical zoom out; 16x optical-quality zoom range
Digital zoom up to 40x
Customizable default lens (Fusion Main)
Pro controls for lens aperture, shutter speed, white balance, and viewing histogram
Apple Reference Image (Fusion Main)
Sapphire crystal lens cover
Adaptive True Tone flash
Photonic Engine
Deep Fusion
Smart HDR 5
Next-generation portraits with Focus and Depth Control
Portrait Lighting with six effects
Night mode
Panorama (up to 63MP)
Photographic Styles 3
Smart focus tracking
Spatial photos
48MP macro photography
ProRAW
Wide color capture for photos and Live Photos
Lens correction (Fusion Ultra Wide)
Advanced red-eye correction
Auto image stabilization
Burst mode
Photo geotagging
Image formats captured: HEIF, JPEG, and DNG
Video Recording
4K Dolby Vision video recording at 24 fps, 25 fps, 30 fps, 60 fps, 100 fps (Fusion Main), or 120 fps (Fusion Main)
1080p Dolby Vision video recording at 25 fps, 30 fps, 60 fps, or 120 fps (Fusion Main)
720p Dolby Vision video recording at 30 fps
Cinematic mode up to 4K Dolby Vision at 60 fps
Cinematic mode effects from video (Fusion Main)
Pro controls for lens aperture, shutter speed, white balance, and viewing histogram
Smart focus tracking
Improved low-light video at 1080p
Action mode up to 2.8K Dolby Vision at 60 fps
Spatial video recording at 1080p at 30 fps
ProRes video recording up to 4K at 120 fps with external recording
ProRes RAW
Academy Color Encoding System
Apple Log 2
Genlock support
Macro video recording, including slo-mo and time-lapse
Slo-mo video support for 1080p up to 240 fps and 4K Dolby Vision up to 120 fps (Fusion Main)
Dual Capture up to 4K Dolby Vision at 30 fps
Time-lapse video with stabilization up to 4K Dolby Vision
Night mode Time-lapse
QuickTake video up to 4K Dolby Vision at 60 fps
Second-generation sensor-shift optical image stabilization for video (Fusion Main)
3D sensor-shift optical image stabilization and autofocus for video (Fusion Telephoto)
Digital zoom up to 24x
Audio zoom
True Tone flash
Cinematic video stabilization (4K, 1080p, and 720p)
Continuous autofocus video
Take 8MP still photos while recording 4K video
Playback zoom
Video formats recorded: HEVC, H.264, ProRes, and ProRes RAW
Spatial Audio and stereo recording
Four studio-quality mics
Wind noise reduction
Audio Mix
Front Camera
18MP Center Stage camera
ƒ/1.9 aperture
Autofocus with Focus Pixels
Retina Flash
Tap to zoom and rotate
Center Stage for photos
Ultra-stabilized video
Dual Capture
Center Stage for video calls
Pro controls for shutter speed, white balance, and viewing histogram
Photonic Engine
Deep Fusion
Smart HDR 5
Next-generation portraits with Focus and Depth Control
Portrait Lighting with six effects
Animoji and Memoji
Night mode
Photographic Styles 3
Improved low-light video at 1080p
ProRAW
Wide color capture for photos and Live Photos
Lens correction
Auto image stabilization
Burst mode
4K Dolby Vision video recording at 24 fps, 25 fps, 30 fps, or 60 fps
1080p Dolby Vision video recording at 25 fps, 30 fps, or 60 fps
Cinematic mode up to 4K Dolby Vision at 30 fps
Cinematic mode effects from video
ProRes video recording up to 4K at 60 fps with external recording
ProRes RAW
Academy Color Encoding System
Apple Log 2
Slo-mo video support for 1080p at 120 fps
Time‑lapse video with stabilization up to 4K Dolby Vision
Night mode Time-lapse
QuickTake video up to 4K at 60 fps in Dolby Vision
Cinematic video stabilization (4K, 1080p, and 720p)
Spatial Audio and stereo recording
Wind noise reduction
Audio Mix
Power and Battery
iPhone 18 Pro
Typical use Up to 24 hours
Video playback Up to 36 hours
Video playback (streamed) Up to 33 hours
iPhone 18 Pro Max
Typical use Up to 30 hours
Video playback Up to 45 hours
Video playback (streamed) Up to 40 hours
Both models
Built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery
Fast-charge capable: Up to 50% charge in around 15 minutes when using 60W-capable adapter or higher with Adjustable Voltage Supply (available separately) paired with USB-C charging cable Up to 50% charge in 30 minutes with 35W adapter or higher paired with MagSafe Charger (both available separately)
Face ID
Enabled by TrueDepth technology in the Center Stage front camera
Peace of Mind
Emergency SOS via satellite
Crash Detection
Roadside Assistance via satellite
Messages via satellite
Find My via satellite
Cellular and Wireless
Model A3472 **
FDD-5G NR (Bands n1, n2, n3, n5, n7, n8, n12, n14, n20, n25, n26, n28, n29, n30, n66, n70, n71, n75)
TDD-5G NR (Bands n38, n40, n41, n48, n53, n77, n78, n79)
5G NR mmWave (Bands n258, n260, n261)
FDD-LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 32, 66, 71, 106)
TDD-LTE (Bands 34, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 48, 53)
UMTS/HSPA+ (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz)
GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz)
Model A3473 **
FDD-5G NR (Bands n1, n2, n3, n5, n7, n8, n12, n14, n20, n25, n26, n28, n29, n30, n66, n70, n71, n75)
TDD-5G NR (Bands n38, n40, n41, n48, n53, n77, n78, n79)
5G NR mmWave (Bands n258, n260, n261)
FDD-LTE (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 14, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 28, 29, 30, 32, 66, 71)
TDD-LTE (Bands 34, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 48, 53)
UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz)
GSM/EDGE (850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz)
iPhone 18 Pro
5G (sub-6 GHz and mmWave) with 4x4 MIMO
Gigabit LTE with 4x4 MIMO
Apple N1 wireless networking chip
Wi‑Fi 7 (802.11be) with 2x2 MIMO
Bluetooth 6
Thread networking technology
Apple second-generation Ultra Wideband chip
NFC with reader mode
Express Cards with power reserve
Apple C2 cellular modem
iPhone 18 Pro Max
5G (sub-6 GHz and mmWave) with 4x4 MIMO
Gigabit LTE with 4x4 MIMO
Apple N1 wireless networking chip
Wi‑Fi 7 (802.11be) with 2x2 MIMO
Bluetooth 6
Thread networking technology
Apple second-generation Ultra Wideband chip
NFC with reader mode
Express Cards with power reserve
Location
Precision dual-frequency GPS (GPS, GLONASS, Galileo, QZSS, BeiDou, and NavIC)
Digital compass
Wi-Fi
Cellular
iBeacon microlocation
External Buttons and Connectors
Volume up/down
Action button
Camera Control
Side button
Built-in stereo speaker Built-in microphone
USB-C connector
Built-in microphones
Built-in stereo speaker
Action button features
Silent Mode, Focus, Camera, Visual Intelligence, Flashlight, Voice Memo, Recognize Music, Translate, Magnifier, Controls, Shortcut, or Accessibility
Camera controls
Exposure, Depth, Zoom, Cameras, Styles, Tone
Charging and Expansion
USB-C connector with support for:
Charging
DisplayPort
USB 3 (up to 10Gb/s)
MagSafe and Wireless Charging
MagSafe wireless charging up to 25W
Qi2 wireless charging up to 25W
Magnet array
Alignment magnet
Accessory Identification NFC
Magnetometer
Sensors
Face ID
LiDAR Scanner
Barometer
High dynamic range gyro
High-g accelerometer
Proximity sensor
Dual ambient light sensors
SIM Card
Dual eSIM (two active eSIMs; stores eight or more eSIMs)
iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max use advanced eSIM technology for more convenience and security (not compatible with physical SIM cards).
Learn more about eSIM
Learn more about traveling with eSIM
Apple Pay
Pay with your iPhone using Face ID in stores, within apps, and on the web
Send and receive money in Messages with Apple Cash
Complete purchases made with Apple Pay on your Mac
Pay for your ride using Express Transit
Learn more about Apple Pay
Learn more about Apple Cash
Apple Card
Credit card created by Apple, designed for iPhone
Get unlimited 3% Daily Cash at Apple and select merchants when you use Apple Pay, 2% with Apple Pay, and 1% everywhere else
Use the Wallet app to apply for, manage, and use Apple Card
Titanium, laser-etched physical credit card for use where Apple Pay is not accepted yet
Share with up to five people, 13 years or older, in your Family Sharing group to track expenses and manage spending
Learn more about Apple Card
Video Calling
FaceTime video calling over cellular or Wi-Fi
FaceTime HD (1080p) video calling over 5G or Wi-Fi
Center Stage for video calling
SharePlay
Screen sharing
Portrait mode in FaceTime video
Spatial Audio
Voice Isolation and Wide Spectrum microphone modes
Optical zoom with rear-facing camera
Audio Calling
FaceTime audio
Voice over LTE (VoLTE)
Wi-Fi calling
SharePlay
Screen sharing
Spatial Audio
Voice Isolation and Wide Spectrum microphone modes
Audio Playback
Supported formats include AAC, APAC, MP3, Apple Lossless, FLAC, Dolby Digital, Dolby Digital Plus, and Dolby Atmos
Spatial Audio playback
User-configurable maximum volume limit
Video Playback
Supported formats include HEVC, H.264, AV1, and ProRes
HDR with Dolby Vision, HDR10+/HDR10, and HLG
Up to 4K HDR AirPlay for mirroring, photos, and video out to Apple TV (2nd generation or later) or AirPlay-enabled smart TV
Video mirroring and video out support: Up to 4K HDR through native DisplayPort output over USB-C or USB-C Digital AV Adapter (model A2119; adapter sold separately)
Siri
Get help with everyday tasks like sending messages, setting reminders, and more
Activate hands-free with only your voice using “Siri” or “Hey Siri,” or use Type to Siri
Protected by the strongest privacy of any intelligent assistant
Powered by Apple Intelligence, Siri is more natural and helpful
Learn more about Siri
Operating System
iOS 27 iOS is the world’s most personal and secure mobile operating system, packed with powerful features and designed to protect your privacy.
Privacy
iPhone is built from the ground up to protect your personal information. Every iPhone has secure authentication. Apps need your permission to track your activity across other companies’ apps or websites. Your iMessages and FaceTime video calls are encrypted end-to-end. And much more.
Learn more about privacy features
Accessibility
Built-in accessibility features supporting vision, mobility, hearing, speech, and cognitive needs help you get the most out of your iPhone — in the ways that work best for you.
Learn more
Features include:
Assistive Access
VoiceOver
Zoom
Magnifier
Voice Control
Switch Control
AssistiveTouch
Eye Tracking
RTT and TTY support
Closed Captions
Live Captions
Personal Voice
Live Speech
Type to Siri
Vocal Shortcuts
Spoken Content
Built-in Apps
App Store
Books
Calculator
Calendar
Camera
Clock
Compass
Contacts
FaceTime
Files
Find My
Fitness
Freeform
Games
GarageBand
Health
Home
iMovie
iTunes Store
Journal
Keynote
Magnifier
Mail
Maps
Measure
Messages
Music
News
Notes
Numbers
Pages
Passwords
Phone
Photos
Podcasts
Preview
Reminders
Safari
Settings
Shortcuts
Stocks
Tips
Translate
TV
Voice Memos
Wallet
Watch
Weather
For a complete list of Apple apps available on iPhone, see  apple.com/apps .
Rating for Hearing Aids
Hearing Aid Compatible
System Requirements
Apple Account (required for some features)
Internet access
Syncing to a Mac or PC requires:
macOS Catalina 10.15 or later using the Finder
macOS High Sierra 10.13 through macOS Mojave 10.14.6 using iTunes 12.8 or later
Windows 10 or later using iTunes 12.12.10 or later (free download from apple.com/itunes/download )
Environmental Requirements
Operating ambient temperature:
32° to 95° F (0° to 35° C)
Nonoperating temperature:
−4° to 113° F (−20° to 45° C)
Relative humidity:
5% to 95% noncondensing
Operating altitude:
tested up to 10,000 feet (3000 m)
Languages
Language support
English (Australia, UK, U.S.), Chinese (Simplified, Traditional, Traditional – Hong Kong), French (Canada, France), German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Spanish (Latin America, Spain), Arabic, Bulgarian, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Kazakh, Malay, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil, Portugal), Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Swedish, Thai, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese
Learn more about feature availability
In the Box
iPhone with iOS 27
USB-C Charge Cable (1 m)
iPhone and the Environment
See the iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max Product Environmental Report (PDF) , opens in new tab
Progress toward Apple 2030
Apple 2030 is our goal to be carbon neutral across our value chain. We design our products to be less carbon intensive by prioritizing the use of recycled and renewable content and low-carbon materials while focusing on the energy efficiency of our software and hardware.
See Apple’s commitment
Materials
iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max are made with 40% recycled content, including:
85% recycled aluminum in the enclosure
100% recycled cobalt in the battery
100% recycled gold plating and tin solder in all Apple-designed printed circuit boards
95% recycled lithium in the battery
100% recycled rare earth elements in all magnets
80% recycled steel in multiple components including the battery enclosure and vapor chamber chassis
100% recycled tungsten in the Taptic Engine
Packaging
100% fiber-based packaging
Energy
50% of manufacturing electricity for iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max is sourced from renewable electricity
Exceeds U.S. Department of Energy requirements for battery charger systems
Waste
No established final assembly sites generate waste sent to landfill as part of Apple’s Zero Waste Program
Smarter chemistry
All of the materials used in Apple products, accessories, and packaging are covered by the requirements of our Regulated Substances Specification (PDF) , which was one of the first in industry to restrict the use of key substances of concern. See the latest Environmental Progress Report (PDF) to understand Apple’s recent efforts in phasing out these chemistries.
Trade in your smartphone for credit.
With Apple Trade In, you can get credit toward a new iPhone when you trade in an eligible smartphone. It’s good for you and the planet.
Learn more , Apple Trade In
Lease your next iPhone, only at Apple.
Join Apple Upgrade and lease a new iPhone with low monthly payments for 12 or 24 months. Then upgrade when your term is complete.
Learn more , Apple Upgrade
Still have questions? Just ask.
You won’t find a better place to buy iPhone. We know about carriers, payment options, and more. And we make it easy to understand.
Learn more , buying iPhone
Apple Footer
Fast, free delivery
Or pick up available items at an Apple Store.
Learn more Fast, free delivery
Pay monthly at 0% APR
You can pay over time when you choose to check out at Apple with Apple Card Monthly Installments.†
Learn more Pay monthly at 0% APR
Get help buying
Have a question? Call a Specialist or chat online.
Contact us
*
Financing available to qualified customers, subject to credit approval and credit limit, and requires you to select Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) as your payment type at checkout at Apple. Financing terms vary by product. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. ACMI is not available for purchases made at special storefronts or when using such special discounts in-store at Apple, except ACMI is available at the Education storefront and with the Education discount. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.
** To identify your iPhone model number, see support.apple.com/108044 . For details on 5G and LTE support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/iphone/cellular . Cellular technology support is based on iPhone model number and configuration for GSM networks.
Available space is less and varies due to many factors. A standard configuration uses approximately 12GB to 24GB of space, including iOS 27 with its latest features and Apple apps that can be deleted. Apple Intelligence on-device models use approximately 7GB of space and can be deleted if Apple Intelligence is turned off. Turning on Apple Intelligence will download the models again. Apple apps that can be deleted use about 4.5GB of space, and you can download them back from the App Store. Storage capacity subject to change based on software version, settings, and iPhone model.
Size and weight vary by configuration and manufacturing process.
iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max are splash, water, and dust resistant and were tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP68 under IEC standard 60529 (maximum depth of 6 meters up to 30 minutes). Splash, water, and dust resistance are not permanent conditions. Resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone; refer to the user guide for cleaning and drying instructions. Liquid damage not covered under warranty.
Apple Intelligence is available with Siri and device language set to Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, or Vietnamese. Some features may not be available in all regions or languages. Some devices may not be available in all regions. Siri AI is available in beta in iOS 27 and requires an Apple Intelligence–enabled device set to a supported language. Available in English to start. Siri AI will not be initially available in the EU on iOS. Certain Apple Intelligence features that rely on server-side models are subject to daily usage limits, including but not limited to Siri AI, Intelligent Photo Editing Tools, Image Playground, and AFM 3 Cloud models in Shortcuts. Daily limits may vary by feature, request complexity, system demand, system policies, and other factors. Expanded access to such features will be available for a fee in the future. Use of these features is subject to the Apple Intelligence Terms and Conditions. Learn more at apple.com/apple-intelligence .
Enabled by compatible apps.
Enabled by compatible third-party hardware and software.
Testing conducted by Apple in August 2026 using preproduction iPhone 18 Pro, iPhone 18 Pro Max, and iPhone Duo units and software, subscribed to LTE and 5G carrier networks, using a representative usage profile. Profile is based on the median usage values across iPhone users and reflects a combination of passive and active use of a variety of applications, including but not limited to messaging, photos, music, social media, video streaming, games, web browsing, and navigation. iPhone Duo typical use based on equal usage between inner and outer displays. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength, and other factors; actual results may vary based on usage.
Testing conducted by Apple in July 2026 using preproduction iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max units and software, subscribed to LTE and 5G carrier networks. Video playback consisted of a repeated 2-hour 23-minute HDR movie purchased from the iTunes Store. Video playback (streamed) consisted of a repeated 3-hour 1-minute HDR movie purchased from the iTunes Store. All settings were default except: Bluetooth was paired with headphones; Wi-Fi was associated with a network; the Wi-Fi feature Ask to Join Networks, Auto-Brightness, and True Tone were turned off.
Testing conducted by Apple in July 2026 using preproduction iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max units and software, and either USB‑C Charge Cable or Apple MagSafe Chargers (1‑meter Model A3502 and 2‑meter Model A3503), both with Apple 40W Dynamic Power Adapter with 60W Max (Model A3351). Wired fast charge supported with 60W-capable USB‑C cable and USB PD 3.1 (or better) power adapters with Adjustable Voltage Supply (AVS). Fast‑charge testing conducted with drained iPhone units. Times measured from the appearance of the Apple logo as the unit started up. Charge time varies with adapter, settings, usage, and environmental factors; actual results will vary.
Satellite features are included for free for two years with the activation of any iPhone 14 or later model. Connection and response times vary based on location, site conditions, and other factors. Some satellite features require a carrier plan. SMS messaging via satellite is available on supported carriers. SMS message rates may apply. Satellite connectivity is provided by Globalstar and its affiliates. See support.apple.com/105097 for more information.
iPhone Duo, iPhone 18 Pro, iPhone 17e, iPhone 17, and iPhone Air can detect a severe car crash and call for help. Requires a cellular connection, satellite connectivity, or Wi-Fi calling.
Data plan required. 5G, Gigabit LTE, VoLTE, and Wi-Fi calling are available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds are based on theoretical throughput and vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G and LTE support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/iphone/cellular .
Wi-Fi 7 available in countries and regions where supported.
Ultra Wideband availability varies by region.
Visual Intelligence is available on any Apple Intelligence–enabled iPhone. Some capabilities may not be available in all languages and regions. For more details, see support.apple.com/121115#visual-intelligence .
USB 3 cable with 10Gb/s speed required.
iPhone 18 Pro models are activated with an eSIM and do not support a physical SIM. Use of an eSIM requires a carrier that supports eSIM and a wireless service plan. See your carrier for details. To learn more, visit support.apple.com/HT212780 .
Apple Cash services are provided by Green Dot Bank, Member FDIC. Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Green Dot Bank for Apple Cash accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank. Learn more about Apple Cash Terms and Conditions from Green Dot Bank. Only available in the 50 United States, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico (collectively the “U.S.”). To send and receive money with an Apple Cash account, you must be 18 and a U.S. resident. If you’re under 18, your family organizer can set up Apple Cash for you as part of their Apple Cash Family account, but you may not be able to access features that require a supported payment card. Security checks may require more time to make funds available. Apple Cash Family accounts can only send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Tap to Cash transactions can only be used to send or receive up to $2000 within a rolling seven-day period. Other limits apply, see Apple Cash Terms and Conditions from Green Dot for details. To access and use all Apple Cash features, you must register your Apple Cash account and have an eligible Apple device with Wallet that has the latest version of iOS. All communications from Apple and Green Dot Bank about Apple Cash (including transactional and marketing communications) and customer service support are available in English. Certain communications about Apple Cash can be viewed in another language depending on your device language settings.
Available only in select cities and transit systems. Requires eligible device and OS version. See here for details .
Merchant offers may change at any time.
Apple Card Family Participants and Co-Owners do not need to have a familial relationship but must be part of the same Apple Family Sharing group.
FaceTime calling requires a FaceTime-enabled device for the caller and recipient and a Wi-Fi connection. Availability over a cellular network depends on carrier policies; data charges may apply.
Standard dynamic range video content only.
Siri may not be available in all languages or in all areas, and features may vary by area. Internet access required. Cellular data charges may apply.
Wireless broadband recommended; fees may apply.
Product recycled or renewable content is the mass of certified recycled material relative to the overall mass of the device, not including packaging or in-box accessories. Recycled and renewable plastic content calculation includes mass balance allocation.
Breakdown of U.S. retail packaging by weight. Adhesives, inks, and coatings are excluded from our calculations of plastic content and packaging weight. Fiber sourcing requirements are defined in Apple’s Responsible Fiber Specification. We consider wood fibers to include bamboo.
We estimate the percentage of electricity-related emissions in our manufacturing that is sourced from low-carbon electricity by attributing to our carbon model low-carbon energy procured by our suppliers in the prior fiscal year, based on the supplier manufacturing allocations at time of product launch. Included in this number is only low-carbon electricity that Apple or its suppliers have procured as part of Apple’s Supplier Clean Energy Program.
Efficiency performance is based on the U.S. Department of Energy Federal Energy Conservation Standards for Battery Chargers .
All established final assembly supplier sites — those that have been Apple suppliers for more than one year — for iPhone 18 Pro and iPhone 18 Pro Max are third-party verified as Zero Waste by UL LLC (UL 2799 Standard). UL requires at least 90% diversion through methods other than waste to energy to achieve Zero Waste to Landfill (Silver 90–94%, Gold 95–99%, and Platinum 100%) designations.
Apple’s Regulated Substances Specification describes Apple’s restrictions on the use of certain chemical substances in materials in Apple products, accessories, manufacturing processes, and packaging used for shipping products to Apple’s end-customers. Restrictions are derived from international laws or directives, regulatory agencies, eco-label requirements, environmental standards, and Apple policies. Every Apple product is free of PVC and phthalates except for AC power cords in India, Thailand (for two-prong AC power cords), and South Korea, where we continue to seek government approval for our PVC and phthalates replacement. Apple products comply with the European Union Directive 2011/65/EU and its amendments, including exemptions for the use of lead such as high-temperature solder. Apple is working to phase out the use of these exempted substances for new products where technically possible.
Trade-in values will vary based on the condition, year, and configuration of your eligible trade-in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade-in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in-store and online trade-in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel, or limit quantity of any trade-in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade-in partner for trade-in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply.
Apple Upgrade is a device leasing program available in the U.S. (excluding U.S. territories). Leases are provided by Klarna; subject to eligibility and credit approval, including final approval at checkout. To be eligible, you must be a U.S. resident, at least 18 years old (or the legal age in your state), have an accepted credit or debit card, and have an Apple Account. Additional eligibility criteria apply. Device must be in good condition upon return; damage fees may apply. For iPhone only: In order to lease an iPhone, you must select an eligible carrier (but you cannot use a prepaid carrier plan). Upgrades require entering into a new lease and are subject to eligibility and credit approval. Apple Upgrade is not available on refurbished devices or online at the following special stores: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses or enterprises; Government, Education, or Veterans and Military Purchase Programs.
Features are subject to change. Some features, applications, and services may not be available in all regions or all languages and may require specific hardware and software. For more information, see Feature Availability .
†
Apple Card Monthly Installments (ACMI) is a 0% APR payment option that is only available if you select it at checkout in the U.S. for eligible products purchased at Apple Store locations, apple.com , the Apple Store app, or by calling 1-800-MY-APPLE, and is subject to credit approval and credit limit. See here for more information about eligible products. Existing customers: See your Customer Agreement for your variable APR. As of July 1, 2026, the variable APR on new Apple Card accounts ranges from 17.49% to 27.74%. You must elect to use ACMI at checkout. If you buy an ACMI-eligible product with a one-time payment on Apple Card at checkout, that purchase is subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. Taxes and shipping on items purchased using ACMI are subject to your Apple Card’s variable APR, not the ACMI 0% APR. In order to buy an iPhone with ACMI, you must select one of the following carriers (prepaid carrier plans are not supported): AT&T, T-Mobile, or Verizon. An iPhone purchased with ACMI is always unlocked, so you can switch carriers at any time, subject to your carrier’s terms. ACMI is not available for purchases made at the following special storefronts or when using these discounts in-store at Apple: Apple Employee Purchase Plan; participating corporate Employee Purchase Programs; Apple at Work for small businesses; Government and Veterans and Military Purchase Programs; or on refurbished devices. The last month’s payment for each product will be the product’s purchase price, less all other payments at the monthly payment amount. ACMI is subject to change at any time for any reason, including but not limited to installment term lengths and eligible products. See the Apple Card Customer Agreement for more information about ACMI.
To access and use all Apple Card features and products available only to Apple Card users, you must add Apple Card to Wallet on an iPhone or iPad that supports and has the latest version of iOS or iPadOS. Apple Card is subject to credit approval, available only for qualifying applicants in the United States, and issued by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Salt Lake City Branch.
Apple Payments Services LLC, a subsidiary of Apple Inc., is a service provider of Goldman Sachs Bank USA for Apple Card and Savings accounts. Neither Apple Inc. nor Apple Payments Services LLC is a bank.
All communications from Apple and Goldman Sachs Bank USA about Apple Card (including transactional and marketing communications) and customer service support are available in English. Certain communications about Apple Card can be viewed in another language depending on your device language settings. If you reside in the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, or U.S. Minor Outlying Islands, please call Goldman Sachs at 877-255-5923 with questions about Apple Card.

Apple
iPhone
iPhone 18 Pro
Tech Specs
Shop and Learn
Shop and Learn
Store
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
Vision
AirPods
TV & Home
AirTag
Accessories
Gift Cards
Apple Wallet
Apple Wallet
Wallet
Apple Card
Apple Pay
Apple Cash
Account
Account
Manage Your Apple Account
Apple Store Account
iCloud.com
Entertainment
Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple Store
Apple Store
Find a Store
Genius Bar
Today at Apple
Group Reservations
Apple Camp
Apple Store App
Certified Refurbished
Apple Upgrade
Apple Trade In
Financing
Carrier Deals at Apple
Order Status
Shopping Help
For Business
For Business
Apple and Business
Shop for Business
For Education
For Education
Apple and Education
Shop for K-12
Shop for College
For Healthcare
For Healthcare
Apple and Healthcare
For Government
For Government
Apple and Government
Shop for Veterans and Military
Shop for State and Local Employees
Shop for Federal Employees
Apple Values
Apple Values
Accessibility
Education
Environment
Inclusion and Diversity
Privacy
Racial Equity and Justice
Supply Chain Innovation
About Apple
About Apple
Newsroom
Apple Leadership
Career Opportunities
Investors
Ethics & Compliance
Events
Contact Apple
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE (1-800-692-7753).
United States
Copyright ©
2026
Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sales and Refunds
Legal
Site Map
United States
